hi Linda Bowman here from stamping with
Linda calm your cardiologist since 1997
helping you create cards from the heart
today is number 48 in WoW stamping
moment and we're going to celebrate
Christmas in July our holiday catalog
will not be out to September so we need
some fun projects to do for Christmas so
we can start early on our Christmas
cards so I'm going to use the work of
art I'm stamp set this stamp set was
featured as my stamp of the month but we
did not do a Christmas card with that
set during that project so what I'm
going to do I'm going to show you how to
use this as a christmas card going to
take that swish and I'm going to stamp
it a couple of times i see i did not get
close enough but this is like a
foolproof car just going to stamp over
top then i'm going to bring in this
little dash and kind of work that back
and forth like so next what I'm going to
bring in is the little splatters from my
Grunch I'm stamp set and to bring in the
real red I'm just going to eat just the
small portion of that so that i can get
little dots to look like little
christmas balls on my card looks like
the winds blowing kind of boob that off
to the side next going to bring in my
early expresso in that long stem from
that set like so next i have taken the
be the star stamp set that has the
matching framelits i put a dimensional
on that put that at the top of my tree
like so
and i added a rhinestone on my sample
but I see I don't have any rhinestones
right handy so this tree is going to
have a pearl on top still very pretty
going to bring in my project life corner
rounder and rounder scorners this piece
of cardstock measures three and a
quarter by five all the supplies will be
listed on my blog have already taken a
piece of really red cardstock and
rounded those corners just kind of
softens that look and bring in a piece
of four and a quarter by eleven have
already scored that down I think I'm
going to use some dimensionals on my
card just to pop it up so just goes to
show you don't need a Christmas set to
do Christmas cards the work of art works
for many things a few weeks ago I did a
bunch of flowers with that set so there
you have it a fun Christmas in July set
thanks for joining me talk to you real
soon